Win es
The wines chosen by British Airways' panel of experts for service on today's
Deidesheimer Hofstück Kabinett 1989
Coming from the more southerly
flight feature especially some from California. Although the wine industry is
Rheinpfalz region of Germany this
wine has more weight and pungency
Orihrekeinaer halalurk
still, relatively, in its infancy, many of the wines of the West Coast can bear
comparison with the best of Europe. Using European grape varieties and New
than normal, yet remains light in
alcohol. It is medium dry with open,
World innovative technology the white wines are crisp and fresh while the red
grapey aromas and well balanced
wines are powerful and complex.
acidity and it has a crisp freshness that
enlivens the palate.
Lanson Black Label Champagne
Lamsen
This champagne is very fresh and
anson
fragrant, with a lovely bite of acidity
that cleans and refreshes your palate. It
is blended from black and white grapes
Fleurie, 1989
BLACKLABR I.
de n BUT
Fleurie is the gentler, more elegant,
Pleurie
more feminine side of Beaujolais. It has
from some of the best vineyard sites,
a powerful bouquet and it has the
then aged for at least 3 years in
ripeness of fruit but it has a
Lanson's underground cellars at a
wonderfully soft texture, smooth and
constant cool temperature. Very
light on the palate with tingly acidity
appealing and delicious with food.
that leaves you refreshed.
Chablis, 1988 Labouré-Roi
LABOURE-ROI
1988 was a difficult vintage for Chablis
with a hard winter followed by severe
CHABLIS
spring frosts. Despite this the vines
flowered on time and the mid-Summer
period, right up to the harvest, had
plentiful sunshine. The wines are ripe
with the characteristic acidic balance
of Chablis, very fresh, lively and
appealing.
J. Lohr Riverstome Chardonnay 1989
This deliciously typical Californian
Chardonnay is rich in fruit and has a
powerful oaky intensity. Yet coming
from the cool climate Monterey
County, it also has finesse and
elegance. Harnessing the natural
benefits of California's climate to
modern vinification techniques, and
adding 100% barrel fermentation, has
produced a superb wine.

 