Joe's tip: "One thing I learned under the open skies – nothing grills like an open flame."
Joe learned about different methods of grilling as part of his extensive research into the recipes and cooking
methods of America (an educational endeavor prompted by his hitch in the armed services). So when it came time
to make good on the "Grill" part of his restaurant's name, he knew exactly what he wanted: a high, steady open
flame grill that sears the outside while holding in the juices. A short stay on a sizzling grill brings out the best in
fish, meat and chicken. Joe has seen more grillwork than you'd find on a '34 Chrysler Airflow, so he knows what
works. We think that our grill brings a taste of the open skies to the Northeast's more capricious climate.
%3D
Steaks
Black Angus Beef
Joe's steaks and Prime Rib are the finest U.S.D.A. choice Black Angus Beef available. Hand selected for great
marbling and aged a minimum of four weeks for great flavor and tenderness. Joe's seasoned steaks are
centercut only, thick and tall, and buttered for flavor. Joe hopes you enjoy one of the best steaks in Boston.
HOW DO YOU LIKE YOUR STEAK?
Very Rare: cold raw center Rare: Cool red center Medium rare: Warm, red center, juicy
Medium: Warm pink center Medium well: Hot center, cooked through Well: No color, somewhat dry
New York Sirloin Steak
14 ounces 16.99
Hand selected aged strip steak, cut thick and served with
pan grilled onions and blackened grilled potatoes.
Bone-in Tenderloin Steak 24.99
Boston's most distinguished steak, a thick cut filet
mignon on the bone, served tall with Joe's portobello
demi, woodsie mashed potatoes and fresh succotash.
Filet Mignon 8 ounce 16.99
The most tender of steaks, grilled perfectly.
Served with portobello jus, fresh vegetable
and Joe's country mashed potatoes.
12 ounce 21.99
Sliced London Broil au jus 11.99
Thinly sliced lean and tender top sirloin with natural jus. Served with Joe's blackened grilled potatoes.
Joe's Steaks are served with a fresh baked loaf of bread and fresh whipped butter
Field greens vinaigrette, garden salad or Joe's Caesar ... $1.99
Specialties
Chicken Piccata 10.99
Fresh chicken breast medallions sauteed in a white
wine caper sauce finished with a touch of butter.
Served with country mashed potatoes
and fresh vegetable.
Joe's Grilled Chicken 10.50
Fresh boneless, skinless breast lightly pounded, marinat-
ed and grilled on our open grill with our famous chimi
churri sauce. Served with blackened grilled potatoes
and fresh vegetable.
Sage Roasted Chicken 11.99
One-half of a tender chicken rubbed with sage, herbs and olive oil and roasted until crisp and juicy.
Served with fresh pan gravy, country mashed potatoes and Joe's fresh succotash.
Baby Back Pork Ribs
Half Rack 11.99 Full Rack 14.99
A "full slab of ribs" slowly roasted and smoked and
then finished on our open grill with real country sauce.
Served with Joe's famous blackened grilled potatoes
and fresh onion rings.
Joe's Sizzling Chicken Fajitas 11.99
A Laredo Original - Grilled chicken, sliced and served
sizzling with sweet onions, tomatoes and bell peppers.
Accompanied by warmed flour tortillas, salsa, sour
cream, guacamole, and green onions.
Fresh Fried Clams 13.99
"These are the best." Tender select clams, lightly
battered and fried golden. Served with
hand-cut french fries and tartar sauce.
Fresh Fillet of Salmon Market Price
A generous hand-cut fillet of salmon broiled perfectly
with butter and lemon. Served with sugar snap peas
and saffron rice.
Sirloin Au Poivre 12 ounce 16.99
Our aged Black Angus New York strip steak seared with fresh cracked pepper, finished with a
portobello and brandy demi glace. Served with woodsie mashed potatoes.
Maine Lobster Market Price
Boiled or Baked. Accompanied with
melted butter,
French fries and fresh succotash.
Jumbo Shrimp Scampi 15.99
Very large shrimp sauteed in olive oil and simmered in
our own scampi sauce, made with garlic and white
wine. Served over fresh saffron rice.
on, Joe's fresh
Broiled Boston Schrod Market Price
Broiled with butter and crumb topping. Served with saffron rice and sugar snap peas.
Try it cajun pan blackened.
Joe's Specialties are served with a fresh baked loaf of bread and fresh whipped butter
Field greens vinaigrette, garden salad or Joe's Caesar ...
$1.99
A BRUNCH REVOLUTION ONLY AT JOE'S. SATURDAY, SUNDAY AND MONDAY HOLIDAYS.
COMPLETE TAKE OUT OR DELIVERY • PRIVATE PARTIES CHILDREN'S MENU • CHILDREN'S BRUNCH
DINING ROOM & PATIO FOOD MINIMUM $7.25
WIJOE497L(2)

 